NMS-14412: SNMP Interface Poller doc updates (#5030)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/notifications/getting-started.adoc

. Click *Add New Event Notification*.
. Choose an event on which you want to receive a notification and click *Next*.
. Optionally build a rule to match a subset of IP addresses or services and click *Validate rule results*, then *Next* (or *Skip results validation*).

> . In the *Choose Path* screen, specify information to include in the notification, including destination path, subject (for an email message), text, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Choose Path* screen, specify information to include in the notification, including destination path, subject (for an email message), text, and so on.
```
